The table give data bout the amount of potatoes consumed per person by individuals living in five major regions around the world, along with the production of these vegetables in all respective areas.

europe 96.1 north america 
africa nho nhat
asia lon nhat

Overall, the amount of potatoes consumed by people living in Europe an North America were the largest, while the amount eaten by people from africa was the smallest. Regarding production, Europe was also the region with the largest amount, only below Asia 
   the data reveals a disparity between potatoes consumption and production across the five major regions.Overall ,while Europe and Asia were major players in both consumption and production, other regions, such as, Africa, demonstrated a much lower intake of this vegetables despite a moderation production level.
 In europe, an average person consumed around 96,1 kg of 
 
 in europe,the amount of potatoes consumed by per personal was the highest,  reaching around 96,1 kg per person in 2006. although a normal people in north america did not consume as much potatoes, their consumption per person was stilll highly substantial, with 56,7kh. in constrast, this type of vegetables was not as heavily consumed in asia nations adn the regions inafrica ,with 36% and 9737, respectively. In africa, nevertheless, the consumption was the lowest, reaching only undr
 North America followed with a considerably lower consumption rate of 
 on the remaining category,while Europe concurrently was the largest consumers and producers of potatoes, Asia focused more production without consuming as much. Specifically, asiia nations produced around 131.2 millions tonnes of potatoes, which were more two times the combined production of all other regions , expect for europe. While Europe responsible for 13, the amount being produced by north was more than four times lower, reaching 24,8. among two other regions, each was responsible for manufacturing only aorund 15%
 in europe, the amount of potatoes consumed per persons was the highest, reaching around in . North america followed with a considerably lower consumption rate of . In constrast, the amount of potatoes was not heavily consumed in asia nations and the region of africa, with 76% and 87%, respectively. In africa, nevertheless, the consumption was the lowest, reaching only under.
 On the other remaining category, while Europe was the largest consumers of potatoes, Asia now takes place the largest producers of potatoes. Specifically, asia nations produced around , which were two times for the combined production of all other nations. while europe responsible for, the amount being produced by north was more than four times lower, reaching . among two other regions, each was responsile for 

Task 2:
If the government invests more in teaching science, it can 
Some people suggest that investing money in teaching science rather than other subjects could bring about tremendous benefits and should be applied by the government. I partly with the suggestion based on somoe reasons that are explained further in this essay
Some people of the opinion that investing money in teaching science could bring down some potential benefits and should be applied by the government
On the other hand, there are some reasons that explain why prioritizing teaching science than other subjects could help a nation develop better. 
Nowadays, countries can gain an edge over others by focusing on development of their technological foundations, focusing on reducing on the autonomation of machines/ Many nations have become developed by optimizing their production as they utilize technological advancements to reduce reliance on manual labor
In this day and light, technological advancement hold a unique role in helping a nation progress rapidly as they reduce the reliance on manual labor and directing nation toward autonomation and optimization 
For instance, it is estimated that the rate of technological advancements is highly correlated with the increase in GDP. If a nation invests more in teaching science, the whole future workforce would highly adapted to technology-driven environments, helping them put out innovative solutions that could transform the ability to produce and manufacture of their country
In the day and light, technological advancements holds an paramount role in ensuring that nation can develop optimally without any unnecessary hiccups If a nation focus on more teaching science, it can foster the entire generation that adapt to the technology-driven environments, helping them to utilize and progressing the technology advancements. This can drive the economic success and improve the conditions of living in many individuals 
On the other hand, a disproportionate focus on science could lead to counterproductive implications for tech learner and the society as a whole. Despite the vital role of technology, many nations are dependent on servicing, which requires a completely different skillsets from workers. These include the ability to problems-solving, negotiations and interact effectively with other individuals, which can not taught through science-based subjects.
Although technology plays a pivotal role in development of a country 
