task 
around of 45% residents living in sydney in sydney bought fresh coffee in the last four weeks
residents in sydney who bough fresh coffee in the last four weeks accounted for around 455 of the entire population 
The percentage of residents in Sydney who bough fresh coffee in th
The percentage of residents in Sydney and Melbourne who purchased fresh coffe in the last four weeks were the highest among all other cities, ranging from 43% to 44%. The rate in hobart was slightly lower, reaching just under 40%, while the figure for melbourne and brisaline were the lowest, with roughly 35%
The instant version of regular coffee was purchased by a larger proportion of residents in all these five countries. up to 53% to 54% of individuals residinign in hobart and bristain opted for this product in the surveyed period , which were the highest in the chart. In melbourne approximately a half of all residents purchased the same product, while only 45% of people 
overall, in all five surveyed cities of Australia, the percentage of people purchasing fresh coffee was lower than the figures for residents buying its instant counterpart.Additionally, at least more than half of the entire population in all three urban areas went to a cafe 


in the day and light, wearing western clothing rather than traditional clothes has become a pervasive and prevalent tendency of many modern individuals. I would explore the cause behiind this development  before assessing whether it has beneficial or detrimental implications on the cultural value of society
why?
As western -stylized clothing has become more popular after industrial revolutions, it rather aims at substacting rather than adding, meaning that it provides comfort and wearability. In constrast, the traditional clothes of many cultures were originally designed for special ceremony and special occasions, making it challenging for day-to-day uses, For instance, although, ao dai, traditional dress of vietnam , has been cherished by many generation, its provocative cut out and the sheer materials may make it not suitable for normal lives., 
It is undeniable that cultural significance is a highly crucial factor that drives the development of tourism. For instance, when international tourists travel to vietnam, they usually explore numerous locations due to the cultural uniqueness of each of them. When people wear the same type of clothes, their significance starts becoming eroded, leading to potential loss of profit for the domestic people.
The difference in cultural plays a pivotal role in attracting tourists from other regions, creating profits for the local people and boosting the economic progress. However,as people starts wearing the same costumes, the level of cultural significance would inevitably decrease, leading to a waning attractiveness level of many locations. If there is no action to control such as process, tourism  activities would become less popular, taking away the livelihood of many individuals.