 Some individuals are of the opinion that the production of wild animals should be applied for all known species, while others think that there should only be a limited number of species that should be perserved
 Some individuals are of the opinion that all animals deserve protection from human, while others think that only a limited number of them should receive this prioritized attention.Although both school of thought hold merits, I agree more with the former/ latter perspectives. \
 contextl 
 Biodiversity has plunged dramatically in the past decades due to the exploitation of human beings , especially when they initiate agricultural activities that displace an alter the habitats of wild animal
Many ecosystems around the world have recovered exceptionally in the past decades due to the efforts of many government to protect wild animals along with restoring the living habitat of animals.

On the other hand, there are some reasons that explain why many people think that the preservation of human beings should cover all wild animals. 
Nowadays, the increase in population sizes has necessitated the demand for food production, resulting more destruction to the living habitats of wild animals caused by agricultural activities. As our ecosystem is an entangled web of species, eventually our food chains would be affected, resulting in starvation and lower production. This is why all animals deserve protection, ensuring the proliferation rates of our society
In this day and light, human's agricultural activities have inflicted permanent damage upon the living habitats of wild animal, causing displacement and even extinction. Eventually, this would cause disruption in our food chains, endangering the source of food that our society is relying on. This is why we need to protect all wild animals, ensuring that their proliferation is sustained and helping our future become more ecological
Due to the industrialization of our economy, the release of pollutants and greenhouse gases has increased expotentially, causing climate change. This would increase in the temperature fluctuations in many natural habitats of wild animals around the world, causing disruption and even extinctions. Without the protection of human beings. our food supplies would eventually be affected, causing devasting impacts on our society
On the other hand, opponents of the previous view believe that the preservation  should only confined in some limited species. The protection of wild animal involve the work of scientists using highly advanced machines along with the intensive contribution of manual labor. Thus, it is undeniable that the preserving only one type of animal can be extremely costly, causing financial trains for any involved party. This is why some people think that there should be a system prioritize the level of endangerment that each type of animal is facing and diverts resources to the most urgent one

Protecting animals is highly expensive as it involve intensive researches about the type of behaviors and extreme involvement from many parties. Without careful deliberation, such as process can have devastating effects on the sustainability of the preservation. Thus, some people think that we should prioritize the level of endangerment wild animals is facing and diverts resources to the most urgent ones.

Many wild animals be confined in some limited space. Despite the widespread knowledge about the destruction of human beings on ecosystem, many governments have implemented strict regulations that require a large area of land is to be protected and untouched by  humans. This model has benefited a lot of wild animals. as they proliferate without any challenge

In conclusion, though there were mixed opinions about determining whether or not the protection of wild animals should be inclusive to all types,I believe that striking a balance is optimal approach.While urgently endangered types should receive utmost attention, other that living naturally in their habitats should not receive to much attention that leads to wasting time and money.